hello my name is Misha Cosmos I
director of lighthouse tattoo studio
many people hammering their partaki through
some time comes what they want
block them and today we will hold such
operation
hello everyone today came to
awesome tap town life call to
kill show how we will feed
tattoo how are we going to paint smear 2
delicious we already poured it
we will not block everything at every
draw a flower here controls
power without him looking at the mother
question what did not come get up 3
leaf trash hope it actually
It does not hurt that there is something there just
use to help me
some see
in order to make a quality
cover-up old tattoo originally
it is necessary to lighten white as how
like it's a stock menu